DOCPLAN-368: Fix AsciiDocDITA.CalloutList errors in virt docs (#112012)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/virt-configuring-interface-link-state.adoc

Author: ```suggestion
** `up`: Represents an active network connection. This is the default if no value is specified.
** `down`: Represents a network interface link that is switched off.
** `absent`: Represents a network interface that is hot unplugged.
```

      domain:
        devices:
          interfaces:
            - name: default
              state: down
              masquerade: { }
      networks:
        - name: default
          pod: { }
# ...
----
+
where:
+
`name`:: Specifies the name of the interface.

> `state`:: Specifies the state of the interface. The possible values are:

Author: ```suggestion
+
* `spec.template.spec.domain.services.interfaces.name` defines the name of the interface.
* `spec.template.spec.domain.services.interfaces.state` defines the state of the interface. The possible values are:
```

Author: always format like this if the callout doesn't use <variables>
